Tien Nguyen
Backend - Developer
Objective
Wi clear orientation toward Sova Backend development, | aim to
participate n ecl-workd projects where can apply my knowledge of
Java, OOP, JDBC, Spring Boot, and SOL to bud efficent and able
(@) wys.2oo: backend systems. My goal la to bacome o Java Backend Developer
with astrong technical foundation, capable of long tem
© esssasis
contribution and deivering practice value ta the company.
——m
® facebook com/minh tien 57 Work experience
ose E-commerce Platform Project ( February 2025 - April 2026 )
(®) VanMinhstrest, Hanoi Java Backend Developer
Responsible for backend development of an e-commerce platform.
including SQL dotabase design, business logic anol. usar
Education = aly
authentication, role-based authorization, and JDBC-based dota
pracassing, whi supporting responsive Ul ond UX/U optimization.
EP Palpachel. Project: E-commerce Platform Revamp
Information Technology (Software * Developed and optimized backend functionalities for an e-
Developmen) commerce system, focusing on database design, authentication.
08/2025 - 08/2026 authorization, and business logic whi supporting fontand
rT responsiveness and Ul integration
So wi. + Designed and dovelaped cor backend mods or the o-
a commerce platform using Java and JDBC, focusing on clean
ng 5 architecture, dota validation, and secur dota access. Implemented
RE CRUD operations, transaction handing. and rtor mangement to
a, ensure dota consistency ond system stoblity Optimized SOL
a ueries ond database relationships to improve performance and
+ GOA 8.0/10 (A) sack
Project; User Management & Autharization System
FT Polytechnic School + Developed backend authentication, role-based authorization, and
PU — adminapproval werkfiows using Jova, JDBC, and SOL forane-
Developm) commerce platform
9999297992925 Rental Room Web Application ( November 2025 - December 2025 )
+ Laarned fundamartal IRL 6 ki
Knowledge of Programming, a nen
00P, Databases, and Web Respondbletor developing a ental room wl application. handing
Development. both backend an frontend tasks, rom Ui desi to data processing
+ Participatedin practical and system doploymant
assignments and mii projects + Project: Rental Room Web Application
reload to Java and SaL